and and
This world is a lie.
The fiction of the what if of us.
Tell me about it, sister.
Hey, good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
Happy Halloween.
I'm coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
This is GigaOM Biological.
That person over there is Annie Wershing, a friend of mine from Chicago.
Originally, she's from St.
Louis.
She was an actor in Hollywood and took the transfection in order to do this role.
She got acute brain cancer and died about six months after diagnosis.
Left a very sad husband and three kids behind.
Not to say that this isn't a great Star Trek episode or a great Star Trek role.
But it's just another one of those things.
The untold number of people that we have lost because of lies.
Because people lie about why people die.
Annie didn't have to die of opioids for us to be angry about the hundreds of thousands of Americans that died of opioids and also
the perhaps thousands of Americans that have been killed by transfection.
And it doesn't just have to be by brain cancer or myocarditis or kidney disease that nobody ever mentions where the tiniest capillaries are.
This is all just a very bad place we are, ladies and gentlemen.
I want to dedicate this show, whatever it is, because it's not going to be anything that special.
I have ears on.
I just, I can't believe there have to be everyone in America, everyone on earth has to know someone because I know too many people.
Visitors.
Let's take these off of you.
Hi, mister.
Hello, Agnes.
Thank you.
Don't see that every day.
You are Locutus, and you are not.
I know you can see the divergence in time.
What did Q do in the past when he turned our world into a polluted, totalitarian nightmare?
Friend, then foe, and now.
Answer the question.
What did Q do?
A temporal rescission.
A single change.
What was it?
When was it?
Calculating.
Perhaps it was one single change where the entire planet was led to believe that free-range RNA molecules are potentially a danger that can be created in your garage if you have the right eBay purchased equipment.
Ladies and gentlemen, that's what we're talking about right here.
We're talking about a single change in the way humanity thinks about its own biology and the biology of the world in which we live.
And now we are where we are.
And where our future leads us and how we careen into that future and in what direction we go is all based on this one small change.
Before 2019, nobody used PCR to find anything.
and took it seriously.
And if you did, you had to do everything in triplicate and then justify the reasons why you interpreted the PCR as a positive or a negative with other experiments.
Never before had a single pair of primers been used as a diagnostic tool.
And now, after the pandemic, this single change
in the way we do things, the single change in the way we think about things has pervaded our very way that our children think about how they can be diagnosed with a disease.
Because they think, our children think, kids that go to college think, that a PCR test can diagnose up to 20 different viruses now.
And that molecular biology is a
highly specific, extremely high fidelity science that has its output in small plastic trays with multicolored strips.
A single change, the date she gets it wrong because that single change was around January of 2020.
The Borg Queen makes a miscalculation because she's not connected to the hive, I guess.
2024.
That is the when.
Where is the where?
Calculating.
Earth.
The change in the timeline originates there.
In Los Angeles.
Calculating.
There is someone there to help.
A Watcher.
Seek the Watcher.
Mrs. Winterworth.
Los Angeles, that's got to be our destination.
We cannot live in this reality.
If we want to save the future, then we have to repair the past.
I'm afraid my cursory review of Confederation briefs made no mention of any time travel capabilities.
The tech here seems similar to our own, albeit with a slightly more, boy, that torture device really looks like it's gonna hurt, kind of look.
So, what do we do?
Well, there are cruder methods of time travel.
Stars gravitational pull.
A slingshot maneuver at warp to generate a temporal fissure.
Kirk's Enterprise did it on more than one occasion.
But for that, you need an intelligence that can isolate the divergence and micro-shift for any chronotonic radiation.
They had Spock.
And we have her.
She has the capabilities.
But why would she help us?
All this talk of eradication.
How did it feel when your people were eradicated?
You don't have to answer.
Because I know.
Pitiful end to the great Borg Empire.
It's funny in that whole, that get up, I can still see it's Annie.
It's really funny.
We want a way back to our present.
The collective waiting for you in the Delta Quadrant.
Will you help us?
Yes, I will help you.
Yes.
Great, now what?
It's a funny show.
This isn't so funny.
This isn't so funny at all.
The company's data mining software is used by various government agencies in the United States, including the CIA, FBI, and NYPD.
It's also used by hedge funds and other financial firms.
Karp is a Stanford graduate and co-founder of the company with ex-PayPal engineers.
I am pleased to have him here at this table for the first time.
He does not do many television interviews.
And for that, I'm also pleased to have him here.
Welcome.
Thank you for having me.
Let me talk a bit about the background, which is interesting.
Stanford Law, wasn't it?
It was Stanford Law.
And then you went to Frankfurt?
Then I went to Frankfurt and got a Ph.D.
in neoclassical?
Social philosophy, which is a fancy way of saying a quick path to being unemployed.
Certainly to be the highest educated, least earning person on the planet.
And why did you do that?
Well, the same reason I got involved in founding Palantir.
I was really passionate about the issues.
He's really passionate about the issues.
Now, what I'm trying to point out here, and I hope that you will do the due diligence to listen and to investigate on your own, I think he's a fraud.
I think he is what I'm going to start calling a in-real-life actor, meaning that he plays himself, but he plays himself with the secret backing of the national security state.
And so, given access to, let's say, national security military algorithms,
and then pretending as though he invented them or he's part of the team that invented them.
And then he hires people to use those algorithms and use those tools.
It's the same thing that they did for Jeff Bezos.
And I'm quite sure it's the same thing they're doing for Elon Musk.
These people are not real.
That's why they don't say anything profound.
So far, he said he's interested in the issues, just like everybody else.
Listen carefully to what he doesn't say.
I largely wasn't putting money ahead of what I thought was important.
Some of the ideas I dealt with were actually quite important.
What does it mean to know something?
What does it mean to communicate it?
What is the foundation of Western society?
Can we participate as citizens and how?
I was very passionate about those ideas.
He was very passionate about those ideas.
Those are the basic ideas by which we are ruled.
Essentially, how does the voting population know things?
How do we communicate things to the voting population?
How does the voting population feel like they are participating in Western society?
How can we make the voting population feel like they're participating in society?
Because knowing the foundation of Western society could also mean how can we disrupt it?
How can we damage it?
How can we bring it to the ground?
These are not questions that he's rattling off of the top of his head.
This is a finely tuned script.
Probably written by people above him, smarter than him, scripting him.
And if not, I'm sorry.
This is not a profoundly smart man.
This is an egomaniac.
who knows that he's going to win, not because he's really good, but because he is backed.
It's gross once you see it.
It's such a fraud.
He's probably one of the biggest cowards on earth, but he talks so tough all the time now.
It's quite remarkable.
It is like a lot of them are.
Yeah, it's just like I'm passionate about my business, Palantir.
and also about anti-semitism and other issues that you thought.
The convergence of neo-Kantian and Freudian philosophy.
Neo-Kantian is kind of, as best as I can tell, kind of bullshit.
Because Kantian is just fine.
Kant was like one of the, perhaps, premier philosophers.
And his ideas have endured quite long.
And some of his ideas about morality make this guy look like just an absolute shithead.
It's remarkable.
Kant had this idea that any law that was worth thinking about and talking about should be universal.
One of those laws is that lying is immoral because in all cases, it's immoral.
And this guy is clearly a liar.
He would lie to get any advantage.
And he explains that regularly in many of his interviews.
He's completely okay with asymmetric competition and asymmetric warfare.
He's not a gentleman and he doesn't care to be a gentleman.
And that means that basically, if he is in charge of national security, then he would also think of his fellow citizens in that way.
The fact that he's lined up with Peter Thiel, the gay space vampire.
What does that say about him?
That he's aligned with PayPal engineers, which really means PayPal algorithms, which means he didn't invent anything.
And he's about to say in this interview that they basically take the PayPal algorithms and use it for other things.
They are not inventing anything.
He's not doing anything.
He's a guy who writes about Neo-Kantian and Freudian philosophy and wanted to be an academic and then decided to go into business and see how it would go.
And then when he explains to you why he went into business, he says he had a knack for making money.
He just couldn't get paid.
And so he got a bunch of people together that could make money and get paid and made a business out of it.
It was my business.
I started it myself.
He's actually lying.
Like it's, it's bullshit.
It's like a sophomore in high school telling you, you know, that I'm going to go out and I'm going to get a job and I'm going to save up my money.
And I did all this other stuff.
And I mean, it's just so dumb.
It's so dumb because he is a fraud.
And I'm a little upset right now because it is Halloween and there are a bunch of people out walking around on the street, making believe like nothing's happening.
When in reality, we're not being led by a technocracy of people like, I don't know, Joshua Lederberg and his peers anymore.
We're being led by, what is this dude at best?
An intellectual pervert and an adolescent, what?
What is this guy?
He's no one to look up to.
Elon Musk is no one to look up to.
Donald Trump is no one to look up to in the public sphere, in the role that he has played in the public sphere.
He might be a great grandpa.
But come on, ladies and gentlemen, these people are actors and they're actors in real life.
That's what makes them interesting.
It's like they're in a reality show and they know it.
That's why he acts the way that he does.
That's the way Elon acts.
That's the way, you know, even Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't act that way.
Do you know why?
Because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
doesn't know he's being played.
These guys know they are actors that are going to win.
They know that money doesn't matter for them.
They know that they're gonna be the boss no matter what.
They know because they're heads of military sponsored, you know, like DOD type things.
You can see it.
It's the confidence that he tells this story.
He's exactly like the Palmer Lucky guy, who's also just another one of these clowns who, oh, I invented some goggles in my garage and now I'm, you know, come on.
and on anything that anyone would read, which is what you do when you're an aspiring academic with essentially an interest in writing.
And then I migrated into a business context.
And what caused you to do that?
Well, you know, the interesting thing about academia is that it's more interesting to the people in it than it is to anyone else.
You end up fighting about small things that may be fairly unimportant to other people.
And I thought that while the ideas were important, the actual impact they were going to have was going to be very small.
I mean, the kind of work I did was intelligible to probably 30, 40 people.
Wow, listen to that.
Intelligible to about 30 or 40 people in the world.
What he should have said, if he was going to be honest, is that he was writing about things that only 30 or 40 people in the world would give a shit about.
That's what the truth is.
This guy's a fraud.
He's as fraudulent as Peter Daszak.
He's as fraudulent as Naomi Wolf or Nathan Wolf.
Or, or, or, or, or James Lyons Weiler.
He's as fraudulent, I mean, Robert Malone is more of a real man than Alex Karp, with more of a real professional history and CV.
Hell, Stephen Hadfield has more of a real professional history and CV than this fake man.
Alex Karp is as fake as Alex Jones.
Come on!
If we could shed this skin of bullshit in America and just make these people the clowns that they are, we might fix most of the problem right now.
The world.
So, um, it, it, it seemed more interesting and compelling to do something else, uh, get involved in business and see how that worked out.
And some of the issues in business are actually from an academic perspective, also quite compelling.
So where did you migrate to?
Well, it turned out I had a facility for – I was pretty good at making money.
And I was very bad at getting paid.
So I basically turned the ability to make money and get paid into a business where I look for other people who are good at making money and bad at getting paid, and I taught them how to make money quicker and to get paid fairly.
This was a venture capital kind of operation?
Basically my own business, which I built, and I went around looking for motley people who had... Think about how stupid that is.
Somebody slap him.
Somebody get in a time machine and slap the glasses off this dipshit.
and then slap the guy on 60 Minutes who, you know, of course will even put George Webb in front of us in February of 2020.
academic proclivities and were interested in business, and I would approach them and say, oh, why don't you build a business?
I'll help you.
And I did that for a couple years, and then I reconnected with Peter.
Peter Thiel.
I wonder when he says reconnected, does he mean he was pitching or catching?
I began, along with a couple other guys, to build this company.
And while there, you had the idea for Palantir?
Yeah, well, you know, post 9-11, I think the idea, again, it was Silicon Valley ought to be involved in fighting terrorism and protecting our civil liberties.
And, you know, terrorism is asymmetric.
Asymmetry presupposes software because you're finding needles and haystacks.
Actually using an approach that's not exactly like data mining was a critique on some of the data mining.
Remember, he went to law school and then he went to Germany and studied Neo something philosophy, right?
But now suddenly he's working with PayPal engineers and generating algorithms that are worthy of the highest level of government contracts.
And you think he's real?
You think he's real because he was on 60 Minutes?
He's as fake as Bozo the Clown.
Oh, so the approach is at PayPal.
So again, we're talking about things that he didn't do.
Things that Elon Musk didn't do with Peter Thiel either while they were playing chess together.
No, I'm sorry, but they didn't.
And you know that they didn't because they can't talk about any of it.
They've never talked about any of it.
It's just too bad that more people in America can't see that Peter Thiel is a fraud.
That Alex Karp is a fraud.
That Mark Zuckerberg is not anything remarkable.
He's a below average gas station attendant.
It would do two things.
It would allow humans to find needles and haystacks, so make the data intelligible to you and me, which it's not.
And by doing that, it would allow them to find bad people trying to destroy our society, and could be used also to protect civil liberties by making the data such transparent, so that- It could be used to protect civil liberties.
It could.
It could be, but it won't.
And again, he's scripted to say it that way.
He's scripted to say it exactly that way because he is a real life actor playing himself, working for the slavers with their backing.
That's why money doesn't matter for him.
Because if you work for the slavers, money doesn't matter.
If you're a slave, you work for money.
You try to get followers.
You need clicks.
You need subscribers.
You're a slave.
I'm a slave.
I have to pay bills in dollars.
I don't have $40 billion in a bank that allows me to borrow $8 million every year, spend it as I will, and then pay back that $8 million and claim that I had no income.
I can't do that.
It was very clear what the government is doing and how they're doing it, which is a particular passion of our company.
This may be obvious, but why did you name it Palantir after the seeing stones in the Lord of the Rings?
Yes, because he's a dipshit.
That's why, because he's a scripted dipshit.
You need a higher purpose.
And I also think you often need a lower purpose.
Like the higher purpose for me.
What's a lower purpose?
Well, I love the idea of getting a drone and having light fentanyl laced urine spraying on analysts who've tried to screw us.
so fentanyl laced urine spraying from drones on analysts who've tried to screw us it sounds very very much like a guy who wouldn't mind a national security script that say for example tried to create the illusion of a pandemic by i don't know contaminating a few lots of
of a widely distributed pharmaceutical for example with some fentanyl or some carfentanil or maybe just releasing a little more fentanyl and carfentanil onto the street for a five-year period so that you could get numbers to go higher and life expectancy to go down and blame it on a virus.
And it's funny that he would make such a comment in a country that he says he wants to be so great but
is a place where so many Americans and so many young people are being killed by the very drug that he makes a joke about.
This guy is the ultimate piece of shit.
So that's my lower purpose.
And, uh... Yeah.
But... And other... And the people laughing in the audience?
Who are these people?
How is that funny?
Why isn't there one person in the audience that stands up and said, Hey, 700,000 Americans have died in the last five years.
Dickhead.
Uh, but the higher PR purpose for me was to get this nation to be the preeminent power in the world because whatever faults we have, they're nothing like anyone else's.
I'm going to push back on this narrative.
First of all, AI makes America the dominant country in the world.
So just start there.
Every other country in the world, like I spent half my life in Europe, they're whining and crying.
It's like we have the right chips, we have the right software, we have the right engineers, we have the right culture, we have the right people.
risk appetite.
Risk appetite, right.
People ask questions.
The whole thing is combining to become a juggernaut.
And then and like these partnerships happen and that just throws gasoline on the fire.
So the classic, the real question is, will the GDP growth accrue to all Americans or just wealthy Americans?
And the answer to that is it depends what you do.
But I deeply believe, I think we do.
Well, no, manufacturing
Isnt it funny how much dumber he sounds now than when he was on 60 minutes acting all cool about what he was gonna do
Knowing that the future was dependent on his company and his algorithms and now he's like all jazzed up and Just did a line in the in the back and he's got to have this guy from NVIDIA next to him It's falling apart ladies and gentlemen America is in the midst of a controlled Demolition and this guy might not know it or knows it or knows it and doesn't know it or it doesn't matter He's a scripted shithead
And these are all tales from the script.
This is Halloween every day on social media and on mainstream media now in the Western world.
It is Halloween every day.
And these people are actors playing themselves in real life.
That's it.
That's why it's such a joke.
They're all scripted.
The red tape, you've discussed it, but nuclear reactors... The number one thing of this administration is pro-power growth.
Look at all the power generations that he's approved, look at all the DOE land and energy they've approved.
I wish you all the best.
Honestly, I think any New Yorker who looks at someone getting an opportunity, who's representing communities that have not been as representative, a Muslim, a young person, a progressive, a democratic socialist, there are so many different communities that are looking to you, and this, I hate to put it on you, as a bit of a Jackie Robinson moment, and I know that that,
that probably wields some weight.
But man, oh man, what an exciting opportunity.
And I wish you the best.
You know the funny thing about calling it a Jackie Robinson moment?
Jackie Robinson occurred at a certain period in US history.
A certain period in US history when certain barriers and certain lines were drawn and never crossed and very well enforced.
All of those lines have long been vanished.
And the idea that he could be a Jackie Robinson moment, does that make Jon Stewart dumb?
Does it make him dumb for not correcting John?
Or does that make these two just scripted actors?
You can't have a Jackie Robinson moment anymore in America.
Unless you imagine that we haven't made any progress since Jackie Robinson.
Unless you imagine that Jackie Robinson, the moment, didn't matter at all.
It's so stupid it hurts.
But you can tell if someone's lying, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
Do you think we would ever do something as outrageous as giving children a product that had never been safety tested?
How could you dare you?
And other people at Twitter, et cetera, which Elon made public, and thank God for him.
Let me introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest... I got to tell you, Rocktober has been a lot of fun, but it's also been very difficult, a lot more difficult than I thought it would be.
And finding, choosing the right song or right songs for tonight was impossible.
And so the two songs that I'm going to use tonight are really just me not really knowing what to do anymore.
And so shout out to Annie, shout out to Nate, shout out to Case, shout out to Fem, the four people that I know of in my family and circle that I lost to transfection in one way or another over the last six years.
Everybody misses you an awful lot and we definitely, definitely remember you.
Woke up to the sound of pouring rain
When we whisper and I think of you And all the tears you cry, they call my name And when you're the enemy I keep through I paint a picture of the days gone by
When love went blind and you would make me see I'd stare a lifetime into your eyes
To every endless day I wanna see you say I remember you We spent the summer with the top rolled down
Wished ever after would be like this You said I'd love you babe without a doubt I said I'd give up my life for just one kiss Live for your smile and die for you
Through every endless day I wanna be saved I remember you We said our share of hardships But that's the price we paid And through
I'm Dr. Ryan Cole.
I'm an MD.
I'm a physician.
Mayo Clinic trained anatomic clinical pathology subspecialty fellowship in dermatopathology.
I do molecular biology.
I've done over 150,000 COVID tests in my laboratory.
I remember you through the sleepless nights, through every endless day.
I want to be saved.
I remember you.
Remember yesterday.
Look at you.
Oh, I'm very sorry that Ryan Cole's voice came in there.
I thought it was going to be timed differently and I definitely didn't think it was going to come in in the middle of the
of the vocals.
I apologize for that.
The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and opinions of the masses is an important element in democratic society.
It's how we know things.
And how we know things is a way to manipulate society.
It constitutes an invisible government, which is the true ruling power of our country.
That's something that somebody said back in 1924.
Suffice it to say that social media has created an intellectual landscape that is
more treacherous to our children than anyone could have ever imagined.
And this is Gigoland Biological High Resistance Low Noise Information Brief brought to you by a biologist.
That biologist is Jonathan J. Cooey.
I am findable on the National Library of Medicine's website PubMed under my last name with my first two initials.
You can even see some papers there from the group drastic.
So you can see that I wasn't always where I am now, but actually was
meant to be part of this illusion, part of this theater.
But by the time I had figured out that I was being played, I was able to present most of the biology already to a number of groups all around the world.
All of those groups have lost those
those videos with the exception of the Medical Doctors for COVID Ethics, but that group is just strange because like the NCI, like Doctors for COVID Ethics, like PANDA, like Children's Health Defense, like any of these groups, none of them have managed to put together an elevator pitch about anything.
They have forever broadened the umbrella of the things that they talk about, the things that they're concerned about, the things they're sure about, but they can't prioritize anything into a, well, if you need to know something, you should know this.
It's nothing.
They have none of the, none of these organizations have that to offer.
But I can tell you that that book right there essentially has the biology necessary to understand what they've done.
And more importantly, it has a cast of characters, which is largely complete, which can let you know exactly how it was done, as long as you understand that RNA cannot pandemic.
And I told everybody in that book.
that everybody that's involved in that book knows that I exist because I'm listed in that book.
I'm quoted in that book six times.
The quotes that are in that book, the citations that I've helped put into that book, make that book evidence of the illusion and how the illusion was done.
They write books about it that don't question it, that insist on answering other questions, that insist on discussing other issues.
If you want to study something well, you need to understand things in order of priority.
And if RNA cannot pandemic, then the Wuhan coverup is a theater.
If RNA cannot pandemic, then everything that Panda and NCI and Wellness Company and the doctors for COVID is all nonsense.
At very best, it's tertiary.
We are at the stage where we can pull our heads out, where we can show our children what happened.
We can show our children the actual military operation that was designed to use social media against us and catch anybody that was skeptical.
And reinforce the ideas of anybody that wasn't.
And either way, you were trapped.
And the rich
diversity of groups that have spawned from the beginning of the pandemic on, all the way from the fake anti-vax groups that people like Nurse Erin started in Florida before the pandemic, to all the fake groups that exist now, including the one that's having a current meeting right now, the Brownstone in Salt Lake City.
The Brownstone Institute must be seen as nothing more than an elaborate military front for clowns that work on the internet and the ways of laundering the money to them that facilitate that clown show.
None of those people are real.
thinkers of any kind.
None of those people have anything profound to say that they've developed themselves, that they could argue about themselves, that they could pull a bunch of books out that show what they've put together.
They don't put anything together.
They read a script.
You can shut that door if you want, dude.
So I'm working on basketball.
I'm trying my best.
Today I had a good bouncy day.
My shot was a little off because I was bouncing so much and I've got five kilograms of candy that I have to throw in the garbage because I just bought it from my kids that they trick-or-treated and they're not gonna eat.
And I've started to eat.
So yeah, I'm chemtrail retarded and I don't care.
I don't care because I know that what I've done, I know that what I've put together, I know that this collection of books, I know that this collection of notes, I know that this collection of pictures, I know everything that I'm working on right now is what I'm supposed to be doing.
I'm not saying that I heard the voice of God like, uh,
like Sherry Tenpenny.
I'm not saying that I prayed 30 minutes every day and I'm sure that the answer to my prayers is this stream.
But I've never had any real trouble my whole life trying to figure out what was right and what I needed to do, what to do with my day when I woke up.
I never really did.
I didn't have anything like that.
When I see my son having a problem like that, it destroys me.
Because I was blessed never to have that.
First and foremost, because I just wanted to get out of the house.
But ladies and gentlemen, this is something that is just in its smallest
It's just in a miniature right now.
What GigaOM Biological is right now is just one little guy in one little room in one little place in Pittsburgh.
But it's not always going to be that small.
When the children's book comes out, we're going to get a little bigger.
And when the new Biology 101 book comes out, we're going to get a lot bigger.
When our high school classes come out, we're going to get a lot bigger.
And so all I can say is that you have to stay tuned because I have just begun working.
And I have just begun lining things up in a way that this can be sustained.
We don't even have a non-profit officially yet.
Imagine that.
I'm excited.
I'm excited because we're not going to lose.
We're going to destroy them.
I'm Scott Galloway.
I teach NYU and I appreciate your time.
I have 44 slides in 720 seconds.
Let's light this candle.
Okay, so for those of you who don't know me, I'm actually a global television store.
True story.
I've had four TV series in the last three years, two of them being canceled before they were launched, and two were canceled within six weeks.
Let's recap.
If we want to juice this thing, if we want to put a cattle prod up the ass of the economy.
Bloomberg, the most trusted name in financial news.
Not for long.
I'm going to do whatever I can for this country of ours.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus, come on, dude.
You're 0 for 2.
Face for podcasting.
So first insight of the day, I'd like to be the first person to welcome you to the last.
OK.
By the way, it's clear that what's it called?
What are we here for, the brave and the brilliant?
It's clear that Chris is a frustrated soap opera producer.
Essentially, what we have here is a telenovela where, after a night of unbridled passion between Bill Gates and Malcolm Gladwell, they give birth to their bastard love child, Simon Sinek.
Okay, I start us with a question.
Do we love our children?
Sounds like an illegitimate question, right?
Well, I'm going to try and convince you otherwise.
Essentially, as we go down generations, we're seeing that for the last two generations, people are making less money on an inflation-adjusted basis.
Now, you know I'm forever the cynic.
And so I tend to believe that a guy who's been on all of those programs and gotten them canceled and is now on a TED Talk saying that it's going to be the last TED Talk and making fun of, you know, billionaires and stuff like that.
I'm still a little skeptical so I'm going to be watching for holes and I'm going to be listening for holes.
But I don't expect there to be very many because remember that
They kind of have to tell you the truth in order for it to be okay.
In order for everything to go well, the truth has to be out there.
And so there are people who I think of more as announcers.
Their script is to tell you what the truth is.
David Icke was doing a lot of that.
Alex Jones has been scripted to do a lot of that.
There's even parts of what Donald Trump does or what, it's all kind of like that, right?
And so the more, hmm, the more ahead,
The more controversial the idea is, then the more controversial the messenger will be.
That's why David Icke has been so right about so many things and has to be so wrong about so many other things.
So let's listen to Scott.
In addition, the cost of buying a home, the cost of... Remember that Scott is presenting in Canada.
So there's a couple times where I think that's going to become pertinent where he teaches in America.
...education continues to skyrocket.
So the purchasing power, the prosperity is inversely correlated to age.
Simply put, as we get younger, we're taking away opportunity and prosperity from our youngest.
The social contract that is now no longer in place, and for the first time in the US's history, a 30-year-old is no longer doing as well as his or her parents were at 30.
This is a breakdown in the fundamental agreement we have with any society, and it creates rage and shame.
And so people with huge incomes in the audience are clapping, but what does the clapping really mean?
Is that like, you know, we clap for recycling or something?
It's so stupid.
Here's a mistake that I think he makes here.
Who's missing from this chart?
People 35 to 55, is that just like a useless, is that like a useless demographic?
Because I'm 53.
And I think I could run for office.
I think I could work in Congress.
I think I could, you know.
do stuff, and yet he's talking about the extremely proud to be an American.
What about the people that are between the ages of 35 and 55?
Hmm, interesting omission.
As a result, people over the age of 55 feel pretty good about America, but less than one in five people under the age of 34 feel very good about America.
This creates an incendiary.
Righteous movements, cuts to our society end up becoming opportunistic infections because generally speaking, young people have a warranted envy.
Become opportunistic infections.
It's not good mixed metaphor.
They're pissed off and they're angry that they don't enjoy the same spoils and prosperity that were provided to our generation.
A decent proxy for how much we value use labor is minimum wage, and we've kept it purposely pretty low.
If it had just kept pace with productivity, it'd be at about 23 bucks a share, but we've decided to purposely keep it low.
Out of reach, median home price has skyrocketed relative to median household income.
As a result, pre-pandemic, the average mortgage payment was $1,100.
It's now $2,300 because of an acceleration in interest rates and the fact that the average home has gone from
290,000 to 420,000.
By the way, the most expensive homes in the world, based on this metric, are number three, Vancouver.
Why?
Because 60 percent of the cost of building a home goes to permits, because guess what?
The incumbents that own assets have weaponized government to make it very difficult for new entrants to ever get their own assets, thereby elevating their own net worth.
This is the transfer I'm going to be speaking about.
This has resulted in an enormous transfer of wealth, where people over the age of 70 used to control 19 percent of household income versus people under the age of 40 used to control 12.
Their wealth has been cut in half.
This isn't by accident.
It's purposeful.
This is me at UCLA in 1987.
I know your first thought is, I haven't changed a bit.
This is also Mia Saverio, who is the analyst who put together these slides.
By the way, Mia is 26.
I did the math.
Just by virtue of her being in this audience, it brings the average age of the entire conference down 11 days.
When I applied to UCLA, the admissions rate was 76 percent.
Today, it's nine percent.
I received a 2.23 GPA from UCLA.
I learned nothing but how to make bombs out of household items and every line from Planet of the Apes.
And the greatest public school in the world, Berkeley, decided to let me in with a 2.27 GPA.
And that's what higher ed is about.
Higher ed is about taking unremarkable kids and giving them a shot at being remarkable.
And every year, it's gotten more expensive.
Higher ed and homes and the ability, not only is higher ed incredibly expensive, it's not accessible, because me and my colleagues are drunk on luxury, and I'll come back to that.
We've embraced the ultimate strategy.
Me and my colleagues in higher ed wake up every morning and ask ourselves the same question when we look in the mirror.
How can I increase my compensation while reducing my accountability?
I see.
So he's an academic and he's coming down on academia because academia is so snotty and so naughty and so bad.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think this is kind of scripted.
He's going to say a few things that probably make sense.
He's probably going to say something about age gating or ID required on social media.
Hopefully he'll make the point correctly.
If he doesn't, I'll correct him.
The ultimate strategy, it's called an LVMH strategy, where we artificially constrain supply to create aspiration and scarcity such that we can raise tuition faster than inflation.
And old people and wealthy people have done the same thing with housing.
All of a sudden, once you own a home, you become very concerned with traffic, and you make sure that there's no new housing permits.
And here is a memo to my colleagues in higher ed.
We're public servants, not fucking Chanel bags.
Harvard is the best example of this.
They've increased their endowment in the last 40 years and have decided to expand their enrollment, their freshman class.
Now, I like this.
I think all universities that have an endowment of billions of dollars should definitely not be getting U.S.
taxpayer money anymore.
University of Pittsburgh is one of those giant weaponized piles of money.
Harvard has a giant weaponized pile of money.
It's ridiculous that they would take any government funding at all.
By 4%.
Any university that doesn't grow their freshman class faster than population that has over a billion dollars in endowment should lose their tax-free status because they're no longer in higher education.
They're a hedge fund offering classes.
My first recommendation, Biden should take some of that 750 billion earmark to bail out the one third of people that got to go to college on the backs of the two thirds that didn't.
See, the thing about it is, is that they're still presenting this argument incorrectly as though people who went to college are somehow better off than the people who didn't go to college.
when a majority of the people who went to college and have student loans regret taking out the student loans and regret going to college and aren't really making that much more money than they would have if they would have made other choices and certainly would be in much better financial status
had they made different choices.
And so, again, it's very consistent that the idea of taking out student loans and going to university was something that a bunch of people did, and that made them very lucky and very advantaged, as opposed to being dumb 18-year-olds that walked into a financial aid office and were told to sign at the line, and then you can go back to your dorm room.
Because that's the reality of university financial aid.
That's the reality of financial aid in the 90s.
You could have gone to any university that you wanted to.
You'd just go to the financial aid office and they would apply for everything and get you as much as you needed.
And that was true at lots and lots of universities at lots and lots of different levels because there was a plethora of money to go along with it.
And it was all backed by the government.
So again, he can make it seem like that was a lot of money for people, but it was really a lot of money that those people never saw, right?
It just went right to the university.
It's not like we also got a car or like, you know, some clothes or we got some books, I guess that was it.
And so understand that, right, that this student loan money that was given freely to 18 year olds at the, you know, whatever the price of the university was, the universities didn't get, you know, 18,000 a year, 21,000 a year, 4,000 a year, what does it matter, right?
and so again painting this picture as though a bunch of people were given money that they should have never been given and some other people didn't give money and then not talking about the universities that got the money where he works but now he's talking about not bailing out
the victims of the debt that really should be just subsidized money to universities, right?
Cause that's all it was.
But instead we, instead of subsidizing the universities directly, we had all these idiot 18 year old kids just sign at the dotted line.
And now we're talking about them like they're spoiled brats.
when all the people above them, all the adults in the room knew that the government was putting all this money out there and these universities were printing all these brochures so that they could get all the students they could so that they could get all the money that the government was putting out there.
And they had huge financial aid offices with many, many, many, many offices with long hallways with very poorly trained young people that were just, you know, maybe a year or two older than the person that they were getting to sign at the line.
So I don't really agree with this part.
And give a billion dollars to our 500 greatest public institutions, size adjusted in exchange for three things.
One, they use technology and scale.
Why would we give any more money to these institutions?
Gosh, it doesn't make sense.
To reduce tuition by 2% a year.
And they don't need to expand enrollments if the enrollment total number of people available in the public population pyramid is declining.
We don't need to increase enrollment of any elementary schools here in our Pittsburgh area.
We need to consolidate elementary schools because there ain't so many kids anymore.
He's about to tell you that all these young people, like half as many people, want to have kids.
So why do we need to expand enrollments at universities that are already overfunded, already overcharging because they know that all these loans are going to be federally subsidized?
Why in the world?
What is he talking about?
expand enrollments by 6% a year and increase the number of vocational certifications and non-traditional four-year degrees by 20%.
Where does that get us?
In just 10 years, in just 10 years, that doubles the freshmen seats.
Two times as many freshmen seats.
Unfortunately, we won't have two to any time.
Two times as many people want to go to college.
There won't even be that many kids.
See how stupid this is?
But you know, he's telling you all this shit that he knows about the average age in the room and he's done all the calculations, but he hasn't looked up the population pyramid to wonder whether or not we need twice as many freshmen seats.
You know, the population pyramid is something that is so remarkably undiscussed.
It's gotta be a script.
and cuts the cost in half.
This isn't radical.
This is called college in the 80s and 90s.
Another transfer of wealth.
Look at what's happened to wages.
Oh, they've gone up, not as much as corporate profits.
There's a healthy tension between capital and labor.
You're not kidding, administration bloomed.
I mean, there are more associate deans at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine.
The dean of the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine gets more than $2 million a year in salary.
He gets paid as much as the football coach for the love of goodness.
they barely register.
It's been an amazing time to own assets, but your attempt to get the certification or the income such that you can acquire assets has gotten harder and harder.
In my class of 300 kids, it's never been easier to be a billionaire.
It's never been harder to be a millionaire.
By the way, our job in higher ed isn't to identify a top one percent of people who are freakishly remarkable or have rich parents and turn them into a superclass of billionaires.
is to give the bottom 90 a chance to be in the top 10.
See, what he's telling you there is that there's this really freakish small set of people that they go to university and they become billionaires.
You know, like Alex Karp and I don't know, like Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk.
And that's just a complete bullshit lie.
It's easier to become a billionaire because these weaponized piles of money have been around for four generations or more now and because the military-industrial complex has seeded military technology in the guise of business moguls.
And that's why he's gonna make fun of Jeff Bezos in a second here, but never make that connection.
He's not gonna say, it's funny that Jeff Bezos is so unremarkable as a man, but he's so remarkable as a businessman.
Again, it's just stupid because everybody's playing a role.
It's Halloween all the time in real life in America.
It's tales from the script.
You know who doesn't need me or higher education?
The top 10 percent.
The whole point of higher ed is to give the unremarkables, I, yours truly, who was raised by a single immigrant mother, a shot at being remarkable.
The transfer has been purposeful.
While the cohorts, corporations and the ultra-wealthy continue to garner more and more of our wealth, we have decided, I know, if they win the gold, let's give them the silver and the bronze
This transfer is purposeful.
It's not by accident.
And it works.
Senior poverty is way down, and we should celebrate that.
Meanwhile, child poverty is flat to up.
The third rail.
I'm going to talk about Social Security.
So old people are doing OK, which means maybe we have to
Think about the population pyramid again and the anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, the anticipated rise in the weight on Medicare.
So they shifted the economic policies in America to make sure that the old people had enough money to retire.
And they didn't do anything for child poverty at all.
It's funny because there's this organization called Children's Health Defense
And one of the things that Children's Health Defense never talks about is child frickin' poverty in America.
That's because they are a scripted fraudulent organization, and many of them are national security actors behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr., who's just a Truman Show victim since he was about 14 years old.
You know, when the American national security state had just killed his uncle and his dad.
It would cost $11 billion to... And Estes Kefauver!
the child tax credit, but that got stripped out of the infrastructure bill.
But the additional 135 billion dollars a year to Social Security, that flies right through Congress.
And every year, we transfer 1.4 trillion dollars from a cohort that is increasingly doing less well to the cohort that is the wealthiest cohort in the history of this planet.
I'm not against Social Security, but the criteria should be if you need it, not whether you have a catheter.
80 percent of you have absolutely no reason to ever take Social Security.
It is bankrupting our nation, and we have fallen under this mythology that somehow it's this great social program.
No, it's not.
It's the great transfer of wealth from young to old.
How is this happening?
Because our representatives are, in fact, representative.
Old people vote.
Washington has become a cross between the land of the dead and the Golden Girls.
Quite frankly, this is fucking ridiculous.
And if I sound ageist, if I sound ageist, I am.
And you know who else is ageist?
Biology.
When Speaker Pelosi... Now, I don't care about blaming the boomers.
They vote.
What I care about is the idea that somebody like Thomas Massey is supposed to be real.
But Thomas Massey, being the big real guy he is, has never challenged that dipshit at the end of the row over there.
He just stays in the House of Representatives and runs every two years.
He doesn't want to challenge the big old senator from Kentucky.
That's because he's on a script.
Thomas Massey knows who I am, he's heard of my work, he knows that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'
's a fraud, he knows that Book's a fraud, he knows that Steve Bannon's a fraud, he knows that they're all frauds because he's been told three separate times.
Just like medical doctors for COVID ethics knows they're all frauds.
They've been told multiple times, just like the doctors for COVID ethics knows, just like the people that work for CHD know, just like everybody knows and has to keep pretending as though they don't know that this is all bullshit.
She had her first child, get this, two-thirds of households didn't have color televisions, and Castro had just declared martial law.
But she's supposed to understand the challenges of a 17-year-old girl who's 5'9", 95 pounds, getting tips on dieting and extreme dieting from Facebook?
She's supposed to understand the challenges that a 27-year-old single mother face?
By the way, young and dreamy.
Young and dreamy.
The great intergenerational theft took place under the auspices of a virus.
I know.
Let's use the greatest health crisis in the century to really speedball the transfer.
This is the NASDAQ from 2008 to 2012.
We let the markets crash.
And by the way, you need churn, you need disruption, because it seeds and recalibrates advantage and wealth from the incumbents to the entrants.
It's a natural part of the cycle.
But wait.
Lately, no, a million people dying would be bad, but what would be tragic is if we let the Nasdaq go down and guys like me lost wealth.
So we pumped the economy, which again, increased the massive transfer of wealth.
The best two years of my life?
COVID.
More time with my kids, more time with Netflix, and the value of my stocks absolutely exploded.
And who has to pay for my prosperity?
Not me.
future generations who will have to deal with an unprecedented level of debt.
Why am I here, and why do I get the prosperity I enjoy?
Because in 2008, we bailed out the banks, but we didn't bail out the economy.
We let the markets fall.
So as I was coming into my prime income earning years, I got to buy, no joke, these stocks at these prices.
This is where those stocks are now.
Where does a young person find disruption?
When you bail out the baby boomer owner of a restaurant, all you're doing is robbing opportunity from the 26-year-old graduate of a culinary academy that wants her shot.
We need disruption.
But people don't understand.
They think it's funny.
But they don't understand.
It's impossible that he has billions of dollars and they don't.
Unless it's by design.
Unless it's just a system.
An orchestrated theater of bullshit where for them money doesn't matter because it doesn't matter outside with the slavers at all.
I just like this slide, it has no context or relevance.
We're economically attacking the young, but I know, let's attack their emotional and mental well-being.
Let's take advantage of the fact of the flaws in our species with medieval institutions, paleolithic instincts and godlike technology.
I'm just going to say, I think Mark Zuckerberg has done more damage to young people on our nation while making more money than any person in history.
If Facebook was his, if Facebook was something he controlled, if Facebook was something that he made,
But it's not.
It's something that Hollywood's told us he made.
Just like Hollywood or 60 Minutes tells us that Alex Karp made Palantir with PayPal engineers.
It's just stupid.
And unfortunately, it's possible that Scott can't see that.
He can't see the absurdity of Jeff Bezos as an admission.
He can't see the absurdity of Alex Karp as an admission.
He can't see the vapid ridiculousness of Elon Musk being an admission.
And that's where social media works.
That's where the illusion of consensus works.
And that's why Alex Karp believed what he believed and believes what he believes now, because he knows, he's minted.
Just like Jessica Rhodes knew she was minted for the first two years of COVID.
just like Robert Malone knew he was minted, just like, I mean, it's impressive, ladies and gentlemen, once you see it.
I don't think Scott can see it.
I don't even know if Scott understands how bad some of the things that he's saying are.
He might just be, you know, so insulated from reality that he doesn't really get it.
He's just too high up.
Well, wait, what could be worse?
It's as if we let an adversary implant a neural jack into our youth to raise a generation of civic, military, and business leaders that hate America.
How can we be this stupid?
All right, this all adds up to a bunch of graphs all headed up and to the right.
And what are they?
What's the first one?
Oh, that's self-harm rates, which have exploded, especially among girls, since my colleague Jonathan Haidt pointed out it's really gone crazy since social went on mobile.
What's the next one?
Teens with depression.
The next one, men and women not having sex.
Biggest fear of my parents was that I was going to get into too much trouble.
My biggest fear, honestly, is that my kids aren't going to get into enough trouble.
By the way, my advice to every young person watching this program is go out, drink more and make a series of bad decisions that might pay off.
Next graph.
Cumulative gun deaths.
You're more likely to be shot in the United States if you're a toddler or an infant than a cop.
Next graph.
Obesity.
Way up.
By the way, the industrial food complex wants to addict you to shitty, fatty food so they can hand you over to the industrial diabetes complex.
We should not romanticize obesity.
You're not finding your fucking truth, you're finding diabetes.
Overdose deaths.
Way up.
Deaths of despair.
When I was in high school, it was drunk driving.
Now it's kids killing themselves.
Look at that.
The largest single increase is right there at the start of the pandemic.
And this is ages 15 to 24.
That's the age group that Mark's son is in when he died.
22, I think.
That's some pretty fucked up shit right here, excuse my language, but this is where America is right now and America is here not by accident, not because a bunch of
media titans and, uh, you know, their wives with fake boobs are out of our control.
Mark Zuckerberg is out of our control.
Jeff Bezos and Amazon is out of our control.
We're being flooded by Chinese goods because this is out of our, capitalism's out of our control.
AI's out of our control.
It's all by design, ladies and gentlemen.
America is being controlled, demolished.
Wake up and apologize right now.
Young people don't want to have kids anymore.
Two-thirds of people aged 30 to 34, able-bodied, used to decide to have at least one child.
It's been cut in half.
So now why do we need so many freshmen seats at universities then, Scott?
I don't understand.
Are you thinking about population pyramid at all?
Or just it's off your radar because it's scripted that way?
I don't get it.
It's now less than a third, 27 percent.
As a result, people over the age of 60 in the US, pretty happy.
People under the age of 30, not so much.
Some of the lowest in the free world.
What can we do?
Nothing wrong with America that can't be fixed with what's right with it.
We got the hard stuff figured out.
There are programs to address all of these issues that cost a lot of money, that's the hard part.
And we have figured this out.
In just five minutes, post an earnings call, we can add a quarter of a trillion dollars to the economy.
So what he's telling you is, is that with market manipulation, we can create giant piles of money in a matter of minutes.
You know, like Donald Trump did with the tariff arguments over and over and over again, and then made jokes about his friends making billions of dollars on trades.
He's talking about that right here.
He's comparing Nvidia stock increases over one earnings report
to the cost of some of these programs.
He's telling you the truth in this sense, that the monopoly money and the huge weaponized piles of money that are tumbling around in the back closet and the people that get to scrape money out of these giant drums of tumbling money, this is absurdity, ladies and gentlemen, how our economy is run and how down here at the bottom
The trickle-down people down here.
This has got to end.
For our children's sake, this has to end.
This illusion has to end.
These frauds have to end.
The fraudulent system has to end.
And this fraudulent era of manufactured success has to end.
No more fake it till you make it, people.
but the hard part figured out, the resources.
We have the money, but we decide not to do it.
This is per capita spending on childcare in the United States relative to other nations.
This is housing permits.
Things are doable.
We increase minimum wage to 25 bucks an hour.
It goes into the economy.
The wonderful things about low- and middle-income households is they spend all their money.
We have to have a restore or a progressive tax structure with alternative minimum tax on corporations and wealthy individuals.
We need to refund the IRS.
We need to reform Social Security.
It should be based on whether you need the money, not on how old you are.
We need a negative income tax, my friend.
And whether you need the money or not, well then why don't we talk about corporations that don't need money?
Why don't we talk about corporations and how they don't pay taxes?
He's talking about things like a minimum tax and yada, yada, yada.
Why don't we talk about the fact that all of these countries, sorry, these companies have their headquarters in like Ireland and in Amsterdam, depending on whether it's like intellectual property or not.
And why do they do that?
I mean, this kind of,
Hand-waving stuff here and fired up stuff here It's I'm starting not to buy it anymore because he hits some of the easy notes.
He misses some of the dunks some of the layups And he doesn't even take any three-pointers.
So to me, this is interesting.
I Was hoping it was gonna be better Andrew Yang screwed up a great idea, but he branded it incorrectly instead of calling it UBI He should got Republicans on board by calling it a negative income tax and
We need to eliminate the capital gains tax deduction.
Why?
When did we decide that the money that capital earns is more noble than the money that sweat earns?
That's for sure.
I mean, it is stupid that we do that.
But nobody's ever going to change that.
Nobody that.
Nobody that they allowed to get into office would ever change that.
Shouldn't it be flipped?
We need to remove 230 protection for all algorithmically elevated content.
We need identity verification.
The reason we can have identity verification is because we have a First Amendment.
No clapping.
The reason why is because they're in Canada.
They don't understand it.
What does that mean to you?
Because I think that's a really important point that he makes there.
The reason why we can have, the reason why we can have digital ID in America is because we have freedom of speech.
And so you don't have to be afraid of being identified on the internet because you can say whatever you want in America.
At least that's what he's arguing.
In other countries, that might not be so.
Maybe in America it won't be so in a few years, I don't know.
But that argument is an interesting one.
Because you could also make the argument that anonymity on the internet is what would protect free speech the best.
would allow ideas to be freely exchanged without any possibility of there being that.
Free speech and guaranteeing it is two different things.
The principle of and guaranteeing it and enforcing it are two different things.
A company is still an entity that has the freedom to fire somebody for whatever they want to, and so free speech only exists in certain contexts.
And so what he's saying makes sense but doesn't, and the fact that he said it in Canada
and gets no clapping from it is pretty cool.
They don't get it at all.
Wake up big tech.
We have monopolies that are incurring greater and greater costs on every small business and parents.
Because again, see above our representatives don't understand these technologies.
We need to age gate social media.
There's absolutely no reason anyone under the age of 16 should ever be on social media.
We need universal pre-K.
We need to reinstate the expanded child tax credit.
We need term limits, see above Andrew Yang.
We need income-based affirmative action, any visible.
We could age-gate an anonymous internet, though.
I think you could still do that, at least on the public side.
Think about that.
signs of affirmative action make no sense at all.
You would rather be born gay or nonwhite in the United States today than poor, and that's a sign of our progress and our need to recalibrate who we give advantage to.
Affirmative action, of which I'm a beneficiary of, I got Pell grants, I got unfair advantage.
Affirmative action is a wonderful thing, and it should be based on color.
It should be based on green, how much money you have or don't have.
expand college enrollment and vocational programs, mental health, ban phones in schools, invest in third places, Big Brothers and Sisters programs.
We need national service.
We need to tell people in the United States and Canada that they live in the greatest countries in the world, and we need to remind them of that every day by exposing them to other great Americans where they feel connected to you.
We can do all of this.
We can do all of it.
We have the resources.
The question is, do we have the will?
This is my last slide.
It is an emotionally manipulative slide to try and get you to like me more.
But it does have a message.
This is the whole shooting match.
Anybody here without kids, ask someone with kids.
You have your world of work, you have your world of friends, you have your world of kids.
Something happens here, your whole world shrinks to this.
Don't get emotional on me because that's just lame.
My brother doesn't have any kids and what he needs to hear is that he's not doing anything to build for the next generation.
He's not doing anything to contribute to the next generation unless he's teaching other people's kids.
And so then he's not doing a whole lot of useful shit.
I'm sorry, but that's really the way that people need to start seeing life.
You aren't on earth to start a photography business.
You aren't on earth to build bird houses.
The vast majority of the people on earth that are really here to do something need to raise a child.
Most of us, I think, I don't know.
There's nothing more important than that.
And if you are lucky enough to find someone and have children, then you're doing work that's more important than any other work on earth.
And that work is more important than any other work on earth.
And so if you're screwing it up, you're screwing up the most important job there is.
Speaking of neo-Kantian ideas that Alex Karp spoke about, another idea of Kant is that humans should never be used as a means to an end, because every human is an end in and of themselves.
And that's a pretty deep thought that Immanuel Kant came up with, that you don't need any neo-Kantian ideas to alter
It's a very, very powerful and persuasive idea.
You can't use a person as a means to an end.
So slavery?
Nope.
Prostitution?
Soldiers and war?
Not really.
A person cannot be a means to an end.
Can't be an experimental animal then either now, can you?
I don't know, ladies and gentlemen.
I think this is breaking.
I just don't know how it's gonna break.
I don't know when it will break.
I don't know if we're gonna see it break.
I just know that it'll become less and less painful every day that we keep fighting, every day that we stand up for this.
So I present, as I wrap here, with just a few questions.
One, if you acknowledge that our kids are the most important thing in our lives, that everything else we do here is meaningful, but our kids' well-being and prosperity is profound.
If you acknowledge that they're doing more poorly than previous generations.
If you believe there's a chance that the illusion of complexity has done nothing but provide cloud cover for the unbelievable transfer of goodwill
of well-being and of prosperity from young to old.
And if you believe we can actually fix these problems and we have the resources, then I present to you, I posit, I augur the question that I hope has more veracity than it did 17 minutes and 24 seconds ago.
And that's the following question.
Do we love our children?
My name is Scott Gallo, I teach at NYU, and I appreciate your time.
Thank you.
I could give a talk like that, but it would be even better, I think.
I think it would be even better than that.
In fact, I think this show is a lot of times even better than that.
Thanks for being here.
Let's do it.
I just wanted to cover a few other things tonight.
There was this video that I saw that I at least wanted to play a little bit of because it's just so absurd.
I know it's the end of the week.
It's Friday and I'm so happy about it.
I have been trying to get together a programming idea for the cartoons on Saturday, but tomorrow morning I have to take my son to the gym early.
So if I manage to do the cartoon show tomorrow, which I had planned on doing, but now it's kind of changing.
Then it will be at noon tomorrow.
And the cartoon show will be quite good.
You know, the funny thing is that a lot of times when I do this on a night shift for some reason, I feel more relaxed in the room.
It's darker outside.
I don't know what it is.
I just feel...
And maybe it's also just this is wearing off on me a little bit.
The shock of it all, like the contrast to what I used to believe, to what I now see.
The ease with which I see this performance now has started to finally lend some peace to me because I really do get it.
I really do think we get it.
There's only one chance in history to collect this data, so they're doing the best they can.
trying to build the computers that Joshua said they knew they would need and, you know, telling stories about comets with life on it and stuff.
It's all one big illusion.
They thought they'd be so much farther by now, it's just kind of funny.
So we've had these lively debates about genetics and virology and, you know,
Ray Kurzweiler is my favorite.
Spectacular commitment to lies about how 10 years from now we're all going to be uploading our consciousness and living forever.
And at this stage, we're still at the stage.
Speaking of uploading our consciousness and living forever, we're still at the stage where these people like Robert Malone and Meryl Nass and Mary Holland, their job isn't done.
Del Bigtree, his job isn't done because we still need to teach our children that gain of function is real.
that the virus might have come from a lab.
They still need us to pass that on to our children in order for this, you know, one little change in the timeline to have worked.
And it ain't gonna work if we teach our children the truth.
So I'm excited because the truth we have.
The question is, can we organize the animals on the farm?
Can we muster the common sense in our kids?
Can we teach them what non-compliance means with regard to social media?
Those are the questions we need to be asking right now.
The truth is definitely out there.
And science will win, just not their science.
We've got to apologize to our children.
If you're a kid who was sent off to college during the pandemic, then your parents owe you an apology.
And your university probably owes you some money because they invaded your privacy and sold your medical remnants to the highest bidder.
And now your genetic data and your medical data is part of a AI program experiment at NIH.
That's every college kid in America that submitted to the testing, probably.
But certainly most of the big colleges.
Because these charlatans have been in charge for decades.
For several mentors now.
And so these actors are key to understanding how you and maybe your family and friends got trapped by the fake conservative movement.
the fake health freedom movement.
That's the hope that I hope I can bring.
I hope that as many people as possible will cross paths with GigaOM Biological so that people will learn the biology and the people that should have known better can be held to account because the illusion requires our participation to sustain.
So if you don't participate, it's not there.
And you only have to understand the truth.
You only have to have the right words.
Intramuscular injection is dumb.
Transfection in healthy people was crazy.
RNA cannot pandemic.
And, uh, yeah.
Don't let them make you use their words.
Don't be pinned down by their vocabulary, or you can never get out.
That's really the trick.
And that's why I've been working on my elevator pitch for six years, while the rest of these people keep saying anti-mandate and anti-vaccine or anti-adjuvant or anti-autism or... I don't know what.
Um...
It's a criminal enterprise, just not in the ways that we've been led to believe.
And that's the remarkable thing.
That's the absolutely remarkable thing.
It is Halloween.
My goodness, it is Halloween.
And you're not going to believe it, but Dr. Drew and Aaron Seery, former clerk of the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court, Aaron Seery, former lawyer at Goldman Sachs, you know, the same place where Steve Bannon of U.S.
Intelligence and Goldman Sachs and Harvey Weinstein Filmmaking Company and I don't know what else.
These fraudulent Americans are responsible for where we are right now.
These guys as well.
Just absolutely monkeys.
Monkeys of people here.
It's terrible.
Aaron Seery joins me, managing partner of Seery and Glimstead.
He has extensive experience in civil litigation and class actions, and we're gonna talk a little about vaccine injuries.
He has written a book, Vaccines, Amen, the Religion of Vaccines.
I love it.
And then we'll talk a little while later to- It's really remarkable, right?
Here's another book by probably Skyhorse Publishing that's not gonna say it.
It's not very complicated.
Intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
And injecting things can oftentimes cause what is called serum sickness.
I cannot recommend enough this book called ICD-999 by Patrick Jordan.
It has one of the best timelines
that I've ever found with regard to vaccines and disease and stuff.
It's not to say that there's probably stuff not missing, there's probably stuff missing, but it's the way that he's put together the book.
It's well written, it's fun, I'm trying to do as much as I can to check things, but I like his arguments, I like his hypothesis, I like
his ideas because they are completely and 100% interlocking compatible with the idea that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s and one of the consequences of it may be
what was called Chronic Serum Syndrome back in the old days.
Anyway, ICD-999 by Patrick Jordan.
Interesting book.
Much better than this dumb stuff from this brown man.
My assumption is that she can't get to be clerk
My assumption is you can't be clerk of the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court as an American lawyer by applying for that job on Indeed.
And yet this guy then went on to work for Goldman Sachs.
You remember the vampire squid that Matt Taibbi was all up in arms about until right at the start of the pandemic when he kind of just forgot about the vampire squid and started to think about alternative candidates for president with Brett Weinstein and Melissa Chen?
interesting connection to Piper Stover right away then.
Anyway, Ryan Millsap, the chairman, the CEO of Black Hall Studios, and amongst other things, he was attacked by an organization that I guess doesn't exist.
It's, it's, he calls it Antifa, but apparently it doesn't exist, but it destroyed a lot of his property, this non-existent group.
Lots of, I wonder what happened to Dr. Drew's head.
It looks like he's got a very big laceration or some kind of abrasion on his head.
I hope he didn't fall down.
Our laws as it pertain to substances are draconian and bizarre.
Psychopaths start this.
He was an alcoholic because of social media and pornography, PTSD.
So he was a relationship expert and he was an addiction expert and he's done a lot of bullshit.
This is an ultra fraud, an actor, a scripted actor.
And since he has coordinated a lot of his work with so many of these people on the fake health freedom movement, it's just, it's patently obvious.
This is another Alex Jones.
It's another ZDoggMD.
It's another Paul Offit.
It's another Peter Hotez.
This is another Mary Holland.
This is another Sherry Tenpenny or James Lyons-Weiler.
These are all mid-level midwits.
Muppets.
Love addiction.
Fentanyl and heroin.
Ridiculous.
I'm a doctor for f*** sake.
Where the hell do you think I learned that?
I'm just saying, you go to treatment before you kill people.
I am a clinician.
I observe things.
Remember that Kim Iverson had a guest on and they were talking about Dr. Drew and they were both saying how hot he was.
Do you remember?
That's how stupid this is.
It's about these chemicals.
Let's just deal with what's real.
We used to get these calls on Loveline all the time.
Educate adolescents and to prevent and to treat.
Loveline puts him all the way back with Adam Carolla, is that right?
You have trouble, you can't stop and you want to help stop it, I can help.
I got a lot to say, I got a lot more to say.
I've spent most of my career dealing with illnesses that shorten life, and now we have ways to extend it and extend wellness.
I've been working with the team over at B Shreds to develop a product that has everything I want in a longevity supplement.
And our boost has nicotinamide riboside.
You know, the idea that is drdrew.com.
So yeah, this idea, the idea of the book I love because the fact that a theology has developed around vaccines and public health and infectious disease where there's a canon and the canon is what is accepted and there are authorities on high that determine what the canon is and those who step outside are sinners and need to be burned at the stake and on and on and on.
But, uh, I'm guess, did you imagine in 2019 you'd be writing a book like that?
No.
I did not imagine I would ever write a book like that when I started my career 20 years ago or even 10 years ago.
Um, I would say, um, 10 years ago was the start of ICANN and when vaxxed was released right on April 1st, 2016.
So he's kind of exaggerating here and I can't stress enough how Aaron Siri is one of the most fraudulent and shittiest Americans alive.
It slowly started over the last 10 years, you know, reaching a crescendo about three to four years ago, I was like, you know what, it's time to write this book.
You know, I spent a decade litigating against federal health agencies, opposing some of the world's leading vaccinologists, including the world's leading vaccinologist.
He's been using an administrative court that pays him whether he wins or loses.
The only place in the American legal system where a lawyer can get paid if he loses.
where all the fees are paid by the taxpayer, whether they win or whether they lose.
So he's not your average lawyer.
He's actually one of the lowest kind of scumbag lawyers that there could possibly be for that simple reason alone.
And what I found along that journey is that there's what they tell the public.
And then there's what they say under oath when they're in a deposition, when they're forced to say the truth on the stand.
And then most critically, when you pin them to have to provide the proof for some statements that they make and they can't provide it or what they provide clearly doesn't support it.
It's almost like that 60 minutes episode with, with Alex Karp.
They're not saying anything.
And so along that journey, I've come to realize most of what they say about vaccines is dogma beliefs.
And I wanted to document it in the book at some point, yeah.
Most of what they say about vaccines is dogma and beliefs.
What does that mean?
Does it mean that it's real or not real?
What do they say about vaccines?
How is it possible that some guy in his garage in Pittsburgh is able to put up a single slide that says the following things, covering vaccines,
covering chronic disease, covering COVID, and covering virology, and covering pandemics, and covering transfection, all in less than 25 words.
How is that possible?
Intramuscular injections, a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
RNA cannot pandemic.
Transfection in healthy humans was crazy.
And a biological male can only ever be a trans man.
I'm done.
I don't need to write a book.
And none of these people in the fake anti-vax movement should need more than 15 seconds to tell you what they believe if they believe the vaccine schedule is a criminal enterprise.
But funny enough, they never say it.
They just say stuff.
And so what has happened to my profession?
What is that?
Is it academia running amok?
Is it a centralized authority?
I kind of feel like there's a philosophy that has captured public health that is, well, first of all, wrong.
But secondly, if you dare step outside of it, you want to harm people.
You are vilified for wishing harm on others.
I mean,
I will say vaccines are unique, meaning I wouldn't, I think that, you know, large parts of the medical profession do wonderful things.
You know, you get into a car accident, you break some bones, you go to the emergency room, you're going to get treated, you know, and, and you probably deserve a lot of praise for those doctors.
I think vaccines fall into a very unique space just because of, um, how the, the law and the policy and the money has started to flow.
Aaron is a lion said that comment.
Come on.
Only from India.
He's a lion if he's from India and he's lying like like likes lying That kind of lying in the that area that What happened there, okay, sorry
vaccines versus all of other medicine.
For every other medical product, whether it's drugs, med devices, you can hold the manufacturer accountable for the injuries caused by that product.
What that means is that before it goes to market, they want to properly trial it.
Then afterwards, they want to ensure it's safe because they want to not end up upside down.
On the other hand, vaccines are the only product
that have an immunity granted in 1986 under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act that makes it so that no matter how much harm it causes to a child, even if it kills a child, you cannot sue the company to say, the pharma company to say, had you made that product safer, my kid wouldn't have died.
My kid would have been injured.
And so you've had 40 years of just uncontested reign by pharmaceutical companies being able to influence the medical profession and to, you know,
I guess, various incantations.
They are robustly trialed before they go on the market.
Well, I lay out in Chapter 10 every single trial for every single trial of the vaccine.
I make it fun.
And you see, that's just not true.
That's just dogma.
or there's robust safety after licensure.
I go through that through IOM reports and so forth in chapter 11.
And then they all stop transmission.
Not true.
Everybody would die without them in America.
Millions died before there was a vaccines in America.
I go through all of those hyperbolic claims.
That's not to say that vaccines don't have any benefit.
Obviously, measles vaccine, for example, can prevent transmission.
Hence, it can eliminate measles, which obviously would then reduce death.
But that's not the end of the story.
You got to look at the bigger picture if you really want to do public health right.
And so until we actually stop, you know, the medical profession stops repeating dogmatic claims about these products and starts actually thinking rather than believing in these products, we're not going to really be able to do public health well when it comes to vaccines.
Well, and the other thing- There's one of the examples of how showing the shot change in America is not as impressive as showing the difference between America and other countries.
If Paul Offit will say that you can give a kid 10,000 antigens at once and it wouldn't hurt him, and he doesn't care if you get all these vaccines at once or not, and then what?
What you need to compare is 2025 America to 2025 Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Netherlands.
And also compare the culture around it.
You know, how do the doctors do it?
How do the nurses do it?
How enforced is it?
Just look at how many countries give a hep B shot and a vitamin K shot at birth.
Just look.
They're not doing that.
And when they do it, they don't do it like an elevator pitch.
You know, they don't have a priority list of ways to bring people to this message.
It's always about my 25 years and I've been working for a long time and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it's always just been kind of sort of important to me, but not that important.
It's all blah, blah, blah, blah.
They're not taking it seriously as they should if they believed what they said they believed.
It's just stupid.
Him and his fancy suits.
He is just as fraudulent as Steve Bannon.
He might as well, I mean, it's just a different suit.
Gosh, this guy's a slime ball.
That we heard Francis Collins say out loud is they gave no consideration to the negative impact of the decisions they were making.
The other thing that this guy never mentions is that the PrEP Act could be struck as unconstitutional because it violates, it violates, it doesn't allow the government to be held to strict scrutiny when taking away a fundamental right.
The government is not allowed to suspend fundamental rights without being held to strict scrutiny.
There should be a preconceived set of conditions that need to be met before the government can just screw you over for a little while.
And yet somehow or another right now, the legal situation we're in is that the health and human services secretary, the fraud and Truman show victim, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can declare an emergency basis based on the rational basis test alone.
He's just got to think it's a pretty good idea.
He's got to have a hunch, you know, just got to be able to explain some reason why he thinks there might be an emergency.
And then he can suspend fundamental rights, like all kinds of rights.
And we don't have anything to say about it.
And Aaron Siri doesn't think that the prep act being constitutionally challenged in that way is actually a good way to go.
He doesn't think it's the right time or something, something, something.
I know because he presented to the medical doctors for COVID ethics once.
And I waited until the end of his presentation.
And then I asked him the question and he answered.
He said he didn't think it was the right time or blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Just like the doctor, sorry, the lawyer for Grace Shara when he was in the Bronstone Institute presentation here in November of 2024.
And I spoke to him about strict scrutiny and striking the PrEP Act and all this other stuff, you know, legal stuff, he was just,
spellbound just as spellbound as bobby ann cox when i was like why isn't anybody trying to take this to federal court get a federal judge to say i can't allow you to sue because of the prep act and then have that judge or that person challenge that on the basis of it being unconstitutional because i have a constitutional right to sue for any damages over twenty dollars and that's a fundamental constitutional right you can't just suspend on a whim
You need to hold the government to strict scrutiny before you suspend my fundamental rights.
And none of these lawyers will talk about that.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.?
Mary Holland?
Ray Flores, another big lawyer at CHD.
Aaron Seery.
Stop lying!
That fraud clerked for the Chief Justice of the Israeli Supreme Court.
That fraud worked for the vampire squid Goldman Sachs.
He can't possibly be anything but a scripted national security actor.
a traitor to our grandchildren, a fraud of the highest order.
Aaron Siri's one of the shittiest Americans alive.
That was the most astonishing statement I've heard in my entire career.
It is just, you know, we just stopped the virus.
We didn't care what we did along the way.
It's like, oh my God.
So let's flip over to that fiasco, the COVID fiasco.
And let me pause at something.
Let's just pause it.
And you tell me if this is a reasonable thing to pause it.
2019, 2020, it's an emergency.
It's a different illness than we have now.
It's bad in some situations.
It's 1%, 2% fatality rate.
We can argue about what.
But out of hundreds of millions of people, it's a lot of people.
Great risk is taken.
Far less safety measures are put into consideration.
They don't have the data to support what they claim, but they bring it out to try to stop this beast.
Let's just say that's true.
I may be telling a complete fantasy, but let's say that's true.
Why did they continue to mandate this same vaccine after it became clear that the threat was long gone?
That's the part I can't reconcile.
And not only did they continue to mandate the vaccine, but we knew well by that point that the vaccine was producing the pathogenic protein of the virus, the part that makes people sick.
And why didn't we change course?
Is it strictly that government can't?
Or is it strictly that you... This is tales from the script, ladies and gentlemen.
These two men are full of script.
That's why they're talking like they are.
That's why he had to rehash the novel virus, the shitty response, the low death rate.
And that's why that guy sits there with that stupid smirk on his face.
Because he's not losing, he's playing the role he's supposed to play.
He's just in Act 4 of Scene 2 of whatever.
He's not worried that this might be the last time he gets on TV.
He's not worried that kids are not being saved or we're still not able to save the vaccine schedule.
He's not even that worried that the MRNA shot's still available.
He's just laying back and relaxing because he's still just on script exactly like Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone and
Mary Holland and Meryl Nass and Brian Hooker and Del Bigtree and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
all plan to be on script.
Like Tony Lyons and all of them plan to be on script right now.
And they think they're just gonna ride off into the sunset and go home to their big ranches and their big houses and their big mansions and everything's gonna be fine.
And that's not the way it's gonna be.
These criminals are gonna go to jail or worse.
They're going to live the rest of their life in fraud and in scorn and in shame.
Or I'm gonna spend the rest of my life trying to make that happen.
Because Dr. Drew is just an actor.
Dr. Drew would play any part he was given.
But Aaron Seery is a calculated, chosen shithead.
He's like a made man.
He's like Robert Malone is a made man, like Kevin McKernan is a made man.
These other people aren't made men.
That is a made man.
That is one of the most treacherous, most fraudulent Americans alive.
Aaron Siri is a gigantic piece of shit.
Ladies and gentlemen, I'm sorry that it's so dark today on, uh,
on Halloween.
I'm sorry that I'm so negative, but it's the end of Rocktober and Nathan should be here for Rocktober, Annie should be here for Rocktober, Kay should be here for Rocktober, and my son should be having a lot more fun at Matthew Crooks' high school than he is.
But Matthew Crooks' high school has completely pretended that Matthew Crooks never existed.
that he didn't live in our neighborhood, didn't live in our community, didn't go to our high school.
And so our high school still just pretends that social media is just something we have to be careful of and we don't need to have any particular concern about it or whatever.
Just put your phone in that little pocket and everything will be okay.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is not a message for everyone, but it is a message for anyone.
We need to get our kids off of social media.
We need to get ourselves off of social media, because this is for all the marbles.
It's for the grandchildren of Earth.
The children of the Earth need to know the truth in order for the grandchildren of Earth to be saved.
And that means the adults on earth need to wake up.
They need to admit that they were fooled by a lab leak mystery, by a fake health freedom movement, and by a fake populist conservative movement, all of which only exist, only exist on social media.
That's reality, ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks for being here.
Let's just say I'm going to try really hard to do the cartoon show after basketball tomorrow and since basketball is scheduled for 9.15 that in theory the cartoon show could start at 11.
It will never always start at 11 because cartoons should start early in the morning.
but tomorrow it may need to start early and then there will be a cartoon and a little bit of biology and then cartoon and a little bit of you know happy video and then a cartoon and then probably that's it.
I have lots of cartoons, but I can't do like, you know, six hours or something like that.
But we'll do at least Extreme Dinosaurs and Dungeons and Dragons and Scooby-Doo to start tomorrow.
And then also two other things in between, kind of like public service announcement type things.
I don't know what to say other than
We're just getting started.
Thanks for being here, and see you again tomorrow, I guess.
Yeah, I think so.
Yeah, tomorrow.
Tomorrow, I think it's tomorrow.
So,
I like that everybody likes the nighttime schedule.
It's very hard for me to do a nighttime schedule.
I'm gonna be a wreck tomorrow morning.
Thank you very much for being here, though.
Happy Halloween.
Rest in peace, Annie Wershing.
We still remember you.
We definitely still remember you.
Be good, everybody.
See you tomorrow.